---
episodeKey: "01"
seasonKey: "01"
key: "0101"
title: "The Origin, and What Came Before It"
subtitle: "A discovery is made during a remote expedition to Antarctica that begins to unravel the fabric of the human storyline."
img: "https://media.hswstatic.com/eyJidWNrZXQiOiJjb250ZW50Lmhzd3N0YXRpYy5jb20iLCJrZXkiOiJnaWZcL3NpbXBzb25zLW9yaWcuanBnIiwiZWRpdHMiOnsicmVzaXplIjp7IndpZHRoIjoiMTIwMCJ9fX0="
genres: 
    - genesis
    - loathing
    - beauty
---

#### Man's Triumphant Quest For Rapture

> Our researchers land at the excavation site, we get a little backdrop about each of these sovereign assholes.

When the end comes, it does not come like a thief in the night. It does not come with triumphant bangs and blasts of cacophonical madness. It, in fact, looks like nothing at all. It shows a plain face. It passes you by in the street, apathetic to your existence. It's a fleeting thought. It crosses your mind amidst a frenzy of thoughts, and it doesn't return until it does to collect what it was due.

That was 2037. A year where nothing happened and everything ended, and it was a long time coming. The group of 7 researchers were exactly 41 days into their excursion at the Whitmore Peaks, traversing the freezing white cocaine laden mountains of Antarctica. The head of the research team was a man named Richard Zeller. He was a middle aged man, originally from the east coast of America. He had unkempt black hair, and had twinges of icicles forming on the bristles that composed his lower face and chin. He wore a beige insulated parka adorned with a great number of patches, mostly associated with scientific institutions, with the exception of a single 2 inch by 2 inch patch of Betty Boop on the upper portion of this left sleeve. He loved Betty Boop. He absolutely fucking hated the cold.

"I absolutely fucking hate the cold," Zeller murmured, almost unaware he had said it audibly. It had come in response 

He was right though. This was his 6th trip to Antarctica. In fact, trips to Antarctica were all the rage at that time. Science, the ethereal toe of progress, was inching towards filling in the gaps in the cracks, and Antarctica was one of the last remaining frontiers of mystery. The Trans-Oceanic Sonar Orthagonal Representation was an initiative implemented in the late 2020s that expanded on and largely inverted the idea of Van Neumann probes to rapidly create a three dimensional representation of the entire oceanic topography and ecology. It was applauded as one of the first initatives of the 2000s that promised universal human achievement, very man on the moon-esque. The probes used the recent advancements in sonar nano-imaging to relay sonar waves between staggered units miles away as they [the units] all descended to their allotted depths of the ocean. As the pressure increased and the volume of the ocean left to represent decreased, they'd [the probes] pause at undersea depths and perform, for lack of a better word, merging where they would utilize parts from both probes to construct a more resiliant probe to continue the voyage. And so on. It was an incredible achievement in oceanographic study as well as sonar resonance application (in theory), and it was turning out to largely be a huge fucking waste. 98% of the intended oceanographic areas had been covered, and there was nothing. Few coveted shipwrecks, several (not many) new species of fish that all just looked like fucking fish in the imaging render engine, and yep you guessed it, a shit ton of plastic. 98% through, and it was as boring as all hell. People watched with growing disinterest as we seemingly raced to explain that nothing was special or unnerving or new left to uncover here on earth. It had largely cast a disgruntled and ambiguously frustrating tone of dejection over the generation spectating it. It had been 6 years, and the initiative was almost up. The world waited in longing for it to disappoint them one last time with that remaining 2%.

In the wake of that disappointment, research expeditioners, anthropologists, archaeologists, geographers, geologists, United States and Nordic goverment officials, and even some well-endowed and bored billionaires, all turned their head at the same time to gaze longingly at Antarctica, as offering the fulfillment of completion so sorely needed after the trans-oceanic misfire. Zeller and his team shared a common fiery hunger to be the ones to find whatever it is we didnt know we were looking for, and had set out so fervently after.

"Who are you talking to, sir?" Sandra McWatt beckoned into the headset. She was a tiny, ferocious thing, like an ocelot or the mumps. Where others had piss and vinegar coursing through their veins, she had tungsten, hatred, tar, and sometimes marijuana. She was one of those people who had made a remarkable habit of succceeding solely in the name of spite. There was not a thing that she wanted, except for you to be wrong. She held no opinions, convictions, or religious persuasions until she learned about yours, at which point, she was unmoveable. When it was all the rage to be a conservationist, she campaigned for heavier consumption of lumber by lobbying for American Housing Ceiling Act, that promised to build 30 million homes in 3 years. It did. On election days, she would put up "Polling Booth Here" signs outside of every single store for miles on main roads to drive mass confusion and frustration. Wherever there were roads that men could travel to follow their fickle convictions, she was there in the form of an immoveable boulder, to remind them of just how fucking stupid they are for that.

"Really anyone. Anyone who feels up to responding. Been exceptionally quiet for this leg of the trip, and its a bit unnerving.", returned Zeller, but nobody responded to that over the headset either, so he gave up his attempts at conversation shortly after.

In the row furthest to the back, Dillinger was writing on a notepad. He flashed the notepad to Sarmon, who glanced down at it, and was surprised to see the page had but one hastily scribbled thought upon it,



Dillinger was a unshaven, disheveled, quick-witted abstraction that emerged from the American midwest, much in the same way a neanderthal might emerge from a cave-wall painting and find himself in the Louvre; He was spectacularly amazed every moment at the absurd and agnostic wonders that bombarded each day, and even more so supremely astounded at everyone else's inability to see what he was seeing. He was insane. He wouldn't let anyone else know it though. That had gotten him this far.  

To his left was Sarmon, who was as you say 'French', and who was as you could more accurately say, the leading mind in the study of geostrata formations and geological excavation and exploration. He could get to shit underground where no other man, woman, or drug dog could. He had devised a mechanism for controlled relayed implosions that had drastically reduced the boring time of any researching team. The most advanced hyper-drills of the age had seemed like gardening trowels in the wake of his implosion technique.

When he wasn't blowing shit up, he was irrevocably French, so much so that people who were of the more politically correct persuasion hated him for so clearly actively working to perpetuate the stereotype of the smug, arrogant frenchman. Sarmon didn't care, he was smug and arrogant. He loved cigarettes, he loved wine, he worshipped women with a condescending enamorment that would have made Louis XIV rear his cold decomposing head in admiration had it still been connected to his cold decomposing body. He loved to hate and fuck and debate and all things that riled up his blood to a hot feverish 102 and made him want to stand up. He loved that life was a series of anonymous conflicts to persist, and he loved that he loved to win, because it removed from him the trappings of those who didnt care to play because the game wouldnt be watched.  

#### Over The Hills And Further Away

> The descent into the forgotten city of Rheny'ah, absurd splendor, wonder, and disbelief at the nature of the decline. Go very hard with descriptive architecture language. Lean on tapestries for windows into older civilizations. This should lean as a fulfillment of the mysterious message that was receieved and trasnscribed in part 1.

#### The Moment Before The End Of The World And What Was On The Minds Of Our Prophets

> Go through the thoughts of our researchers before the cavern floor gives out and the sarcophigial chamber is revealed. In this chamber, is where we encounter the couch gag relic. 

#### Simpsons Did It, Simpsons Did It
