---
episodeKey: "01"
seasonKey: "01"
key: "0101"
title: "Life's a Couch Gag, Then You Die"
subtitle: "A discovery is made during a remote expedition to Antarctica that begins to unravel the fabric of the human storyline."
img: "https://media.hswstatic.com/eyJidWNrZXQiOiJjb250ZW50Lmhzd3N0YXRpYy5jb20iLCJrZXkiOiJnaWZcL3NpbXBzb25zLW9yaWcuanBnIiwiZWRpdHMiOnsicmVzaXplIjp7IndpZHRoIjoiMTIwMCJ9fX0="
genres: 
    - genesis
    - loathing
    - beauty
---

#### Man's Triumphant Quest For Rapture

When the end comes, it does not come like a thief in the night. It does not come with triumphant bangs and blasts of cacophonical madness. It, in fact, looks like nothing at all. It's a Tuesday in November. It's your best friend's sister. It's Milhouse Van Houten. It passes your mind in a fleeting frenzy of thoughts, and it never returns until it does to collect what it was due.

That was 2037. A year where nothing happened and everything ended, and it was a long time coming. The group of 7 researchers were exactly 41 days into their excursion at the Whitmore peaks, which was an arduous flight from their initial encampment at McMurdo at the base of Mt. Erebus. This all, of course, was just a fancy way of saying that our researchers were traversing the freezing white cocaine laden mountains of Antarctica. The head of the research team was a man named Richard Zeller. He was a middle aged man, originally from the east coast of America, who had unkempt black hair, and had twinges of icicles forming on the bristles that composed his lower face and chin. He absolutely fucking hated the cold.

"I absolutely fucking hate the cold," Zeller shouted into the headpiece, from the passenger seat of the helicopter. "Science is so fucking wack. I hate this."

"That's the spirit, sir!" Sandra McWatt sounded off with responsive fervor. She was a tiny, ferocious thing, like an ocelot or the mumps. Where others had piss and vinegar coursing through their veins, she had tungsten and hatred. She was one of those people who had made a remarkable habit of succceeding solely in the name of spite. There was not a thing that she wanted, except for you to be wrong. She held no opinions, convictions, or religious persuasions until she learned about yours, at which point, she was unmoveable. Against outspoken Christians, she raved and revered the good name of evolution, and cast down a militant unholy rain of aggressive slurs on evangelists, who would buckle and quake in their linens waiting for their God to save them from her. To atheists, she was the Holy Mary, offering repentance, forgiveness, and (metaphorically) her only son if it meant the disdain and frustration of those that thought themselves too smart to believe in God. To  Wherever there were roads that men could travel to follow their convictions, she was there in the form of an immoveable boulder, to remind them of just how fucking stupid they are for that.

In the row furthest to the back, Dillinger was writing on a notepad. He flashed the notepad to Sarmon, who glanced down at it, and was surprised to see the page had but one hastily scribbled thought upon it,

'McWatt scares the shit out of me.'

Sarmon beckoned for the notepad and pen, in turn to respond. 

'Why?'

'I think she's my soulmate. She stares right through me. She's freezing to the touch, I think she's only partly human, and the other part some mythic Icicle monster, I'm pretty sure Antarctica was like 70 degrees before she got here.'

'What the fuck? Are you high?'

Dillinger's eyes narrowed suspiciously, and he tore out the piece of paper they had been writing on, and folded it neatly before placing it inside his parka's breast pocket. He then proceeded to scream into the headset he was wearing,

"I didn't say shit, Sarmon."

"What did he say?" beckoned McWatt over the headset system.

"He didn't say shit!" cried back Sarmon.

Dillinger was a unshaven, disheveled, quick-witted abstraction that emerged from the American midwest, much in the same way a neanderthal might emerge from a cave-wall painting and find himself in the Louvre; He was spectacularly amazed every moment at the absurd and agnostic wonders that bombarded each day, and even more so supremely astounded at everyone else's inability to see what he was seeing. He was insane. He wouldn't let anyone else know it though. That had gotten him this far.  

Out the 


#### Over The Hills And Further Away

#### The Moment Before The End Of The World And What Was On The Minds Of Our Prophets

#### Simpsons Did It, Simpsons Did It
